Improve Unicode script doc for add more details (#28)
pest-parser/book: src/grammars/built-ins.md

**For example:**

> We want match a string that contains any CJK (regexp: `\p{CJK}`) characters like `你好世界` or `こんにちは世界` or `안녕하세요 세계`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We want match a string that contains any CJK (regexp: `\p{CJK}`) characters such as `你好世界` or `こんにちは世界` or `안녕하세요 세계`.
```
